I've been involved with opera go to
church since its inception it is a
fantastic program the community has had
an opportunity to experience offer it in
a church setting and I think that's very
innovative on the part of Cincinnati
opera well I've always wanted to do a
concert with opera spirituals gospel
Oh
I wanted to get to be powerful exciting
you bring the Opera you bring jazz you
bring gospel into the community and
allow people to experience this in one
setting the music is good and I like
this worry as eclectic as possible so
everybody leaves hearing something that
they can enjoy
unfortunately today not many people have
been exposed to all the dejaras that we
are going to be presenting especially
not all together so for the avid jazz
fan they'll be exposed to perhaps you
know an opera piece that they hadn't
heard before art song
hey
I've been impressed at the turnout at
our events we've held this for the past
three years now each time the church
we've held it event has been packed
any opportunity you have to reach out to
the community to to uplift to encourage
to teach do to bind broken wounds to
call right minded people together people
who you don't even know that they're
like man is simply because they've had
all these stigmas or whatever place
against running that's how that's our
responsibility so the opera coming to
the church is just just a stepping
stones Cincinnati opera is the second
oldest opera company in the United
States next to the Metropolitan Opera in
New York and we have become a phenomenal
way and it's incredible to be where we
are now to the point of doing this type
of concert with top opera singers going
to a church in the community you know
unheard of Cincinnati opera has been
extremely innovative and very interested
in embracing and causing themselves to
be embraced by the entire community we
just think about an ever-increasing
opera family